{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
To generate docs use RDoc with ./bin/rails rdoc to make HTML files in the doc directory.\
\
Wording is done with simple declarative sentences, get to the point with present tense and start in upper case and use # sign. Communicate what happens in the code avoiding yous, yours. Avoid gender specific pronouns.\
\
Using american english and the oxford comma and make sure that you are commenting on meaningful examples of important parts. Short docs don\'92t need explicit examples just follow paragraphs. Big chunks of documentation have example sections.\
\
\
When true or false are used as defined in Ruby use regular font, and avoid terms like truthy, ruby defines what is true and false in the language, thus the worlds have technical meaning . Do not document singletons unless absolutely necessary, it prevents artificial constructs like !! and allows refactors, and the code does not need to rely on the exact values.\
\
\
File names should be relative to the application root.\
\
Fonts should use fixed width font for, contacts like class and module names, method names, littorals, symbols, method parameters, file names. When true and false are words rather than code, use a regular font.\
\
Description lists , in lists of options, parameters, etc, use a hyphen between the item and its descriptor.\
\
\
Methods created with (module | class)_eval(STRING) have a comment by their side with an instance of the generated code.\
\
\
When making documentation  you must understand the difference between public user facing API vs internal API.  Rails uses the private keyword from Ruby for defining internal API. But public API follows a different convention.  Rails uses the :nod: directive to annotate methods as internal API. \
\
Because of this there are methods in Rails with public visibility that aren\'92t meant for use.\
\
}
